---
---

Discussed:

Separation of Concerns:

- Commands like MGET/MSET - Key used across shards,
- Similar for Qwatch - when we are watching a pattern, the pattern can exist across multiple shards.
- Transactional commands like MGET/MSET - We need an abstraction layer outside shards that can manage the transaction across teh shards.

IOLayer - Should it wait for all shards to complete the tasks, proceed only after all shards have responded.

Keep store dumb. All ops on store as atomic as possible.  
. Add complexity to IOLayer / Coordinator in future if optimisation are needed in future.

Next step task

- Remove locks and provide atomic operations.
- Address review comments and merge Store abstraction refactor [Yash Sharma](mailto:yash360@gmail.com)
- Watch to move out of store / Or implement a scan operator in store [Jyotinder Singh](mailto:jyotindrsingh@gmail.com)
- Limit Store operations to Put / Get / Delete & Scan [Pratik pandey](mailto:pratik.pandey2111@gmail.com)
- We are using unsafe pointer, should we move to empty struct ot interface. Move to generics.Ashwin Kulkarni
- Removing all Mutex from Store after the shards and channels are created for multi threads.- [soumya panigrahi](mailto:soumyapanigrahi@gmail.com)
- Skeleton for multithreaded mode [Yash Sharma](mailto:yash360@gmail.com)
- Extract Coordinator from IO Tasks. [Gaurav Sarma](mailto:gauravsarma1992@gmail.com)
- Qwatch: each io thread launches a qwatch command, this fans out to every shard. Each shard now maintains records for which io threads are listening to which queries . [Jyotinder Singh](mailto:jyotindrsingh@gmail.com) cc- [soumyapanigrahi@gmail.com](mailto:soumyapanigrahi@gmail.com)
- moar thoughts - the watchlist can be maintained at the said coordinator level
- Fanout commands that require consistency [soumya panigrahi](mailto:soumyapanigrahi@gmail.com) cc- [Jyotinder Singh](mailto:jyotindrsingh@gmail.com)
