---
---

## DB

### New Features

1. Migrated commands `HLEN`, `HSTRLEN`, and `HSCAN` with integration tests for HTTP, WebSocket, and RESP. (@c-harish, @ashwin-kulkarni128) (\#1024)
2. Added support for `ZPOPMIN` command. (@teja8551) (\#1128)
3. Implemented multi-shard commands: `RENAME`, `COPY` , `MSET`, and `MGET`. (@ashwin-kulkarni128) (\#1059)
4. Bloom Filter Commands: Migrated commands such as `bf.add`, `bf.reserve`, `bf.exists`, and `bf.info` to store_eval. (@apoorvyadav1111) (\#1031)
5. Added support for command `ZRANK`. (@SyedMa3) (\#1126)

### Enhancements

1. Migrated INCR commands and added integration tests for WebSocket. (@pg30) (\#1016)
2. Migrated commands `HINCRBY`, `HINCRBYFLOAT`, and `HRANDFIELD` with refactored cmdmeta and eval logic. (@saisaipawar, @ashwin-kulkarni128) (\#1081)
3. Moved supported protocols under Protocols. (@arpitbhayani)
4. Added CLI example to WebSocket documentation. (@JP-sDEV) (\#1113)

### Bug Fixes

1. Fixed issues in specific use cases of `ZPOPMIN` command. (@teja8551) (\#1164)
2. Handled root path '.' correctly in `JSON.OBJLEN` command. (@saubhikpandey) (\#603)
3. Fixed `ZRANK` command to return score as string with `WITHSCORE`. (@shashi-sah2003) (\#1165)
4. Fixed bugs in WebSocket integration tests. (@psr) (\#1142)

### Documentation Updates

1. Audited and enhanced documentation for the `COPY` command. (@onlybond) (\#816)
2. Added Hello, World examples for Simple and Reactive protocols. (@arpitbhayani)
3. Added documentation for Reactive Hello, World\! (@arpitbhayani)
4. Enhanced documentation for the sleep command. (@kdivyansh268, @pshubham) (\#832)
5. Audited `Q.WATCH` documentation for consistency. (@shashank-priyadarshi) (\#781)
6. Updated `INCR` command documentation. (@pg30)
7. Audited documentation for the `JSON.TYPE` command. (@onlybond) (\#827)
8. Added cURL examples to HTTP documentation. (@vanshavenger) (\#1113)

### Refactoring

1. Refactored HyperLogLog command responses and removed logger references. (@prashant1996cr07) (\#1183)
2. Refactored HTTP response structure. (@prashant1996cr07) (\#1150)

### Logging and Configuration

1. Made logging consistent across start and shutdown sequences. (@arpitbhayani) (\#1172)
2. Added an option to set default log level to info. (@arpitbhayani) (\#1172)
3. Configured the number of shards as a configuration, defaulting to the number of cores. (@arpitbhayani) (\#1172)
4. Set connection close log level to debug. (@soumya-codes) (\#1139)

### Miscellaneous

1. Updated README.md with new CLI instructions. (@arpitbhayani)
2. Linked and documented best practices for contributions and logging. (@arpitbhayani)
3. Added DiceDB ASCII art for CLI. (@arpitbhayani)
4. Added a template for command documentation. (@apoorvyadav1111) (\#1147)
5. Removed unnecessary log references. (@prashant1996cr07)
6. Removed multi-threading experimental mode from the README. (@arpitbhayani)
7. Version bump to 0.0.5. (@arpitbhayani)
